Devops ebook: Actions index (#23462)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/devops-for-aspnet-developers/actions-vs-pipelines.md

> Before you examine pipelines themselves, you should consider how these pipelines _execute_. Both GitHub Actions and Azure Pipelines are really _orchestration engines_: when a pipeline is triggered, the system finds an "agent" and tells the agent to execute the jobs defined in the pipeline file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you examine pipelines themselves, you should consider how these pipelines _execute_. Both GitHub Actions and Azure Pipelines are really _orchestration engines_. When a pipeline is triggered, the system finds an "agent" and tells the agent to execute the jobs defined in the pipeline file.
```

> Azure Pipelines run on _agents_. The agent is written in .NET, so it'll run wherever .NET can run: Windows, macOS, and Linux. Agents can even run in containers. Agents are registered to a [pool](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/pools-queues?view=azure-devops&preserve-view=true) in Azure Pipelines or to a repository or organization in GitHub. Agents can be _hosted_ or _private_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Pipelines run on _agents_. The agent is written in .NET, so it will run wherever .NET can run: Windows, macOS, and Linux. Agents can even run in containers. Agents are registered to a [pool](/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/pools-queues?view=azure-devops&preserve-view=true) in Azure Pipelines or to a repository or organization in GitHub. Agents can be _hosted_ or _private_.
```
